MATTHEW JOKIJAVA SOFTWARE DEVELOPERCONTACT

(334) 425-4514
6101 Boardwalk Blvd Apt D
Montgomery, AL 36117
mjokipro@gmail.com
linkedin.com/in/matthew-joki
www.mjokipro.com
github.com/mjokiproSUMMARY

Gifted Java developer with 3+ years of hands-on experience in all software development lifecycle phases from requirement gathering and analysis to design, development, testing, and support.  Highly knowledgeable in operating systems, IDE's, frontend and backend programming languages, and data architecture.  Drives the adoption of new technologies by researching innovative technology trends and developments.SKILLS

JAVA
C#
SQL
CSS / HTML
JAVASCRIPT
WEB DEVELOPMENTEXPERIENCE

mjokiPro - Freelance - Montgomery, AL
Full-stack DeveloperJanuary 2023 - Current
Implementing software development lifecycle phases to freelance user-centric online solutions to increase client's revenue and marketing visibility 
Designing, developing, and debugging scalable web applications for use in different industries and client environments, as well as implementing accessibility and compatibility for multiple browsers and platforms.
Coordinating software delivery model, identifying problems resulting from user acceptance testing, and implementing updated version control processes using multiple programming languages.

M&C Assemblies Inc - Montgomery, AL
Product AssemblerMarch 2021 - Current
Increased annual profit for the Inside Lawn and Garden department by 3% in 2021 at Lowe's in Montgomery, AL and by 6% in 2022 at Lowe's in Montgomery, AL and Troy, AL as the result of prompt product replenishment and quality assurance.
Participated in training and seminars for further development and career enrichment.
Established professional relationships with assemblers, team and customers to boost rapport.

Lowe's - Montgomery, AL
Lawn and Garden Sales AssociateMarch 2019 - December 2020
Increased annual department sales by 2% in 2019 and 2020 due to decrease in department shrinkage and maintaining product.
Monitored, replenished, and staged merchandise in reference to schematics.
Completed inventory cycle counts and audits to maintain accurate records.
Coordinated special promotions, updating signs, creating displays and stocking merchandise.EDUCATION

Trenholm State Technical College Montgomery, AL
2009 – 2011
Associate’s in Applied Computer Science
Studied Business Software Design and Analysis.
Graduated Magna cum laude.
