				
MATTHEW JOKI  
JAVA SOFTWARE DEVELOPER		
				

CONTACT
 
  (334) 425-4514
  mjokipro@gmail.com
  linkedin.com/in/matthew-joki
  mjokipro.com
  github.com/mjokipro/	SUMMARY
 
Gifted Full-Stack Developer with three years of experience in developing unique programming solutions for web applications. Skilled in developing user-friendly web applications, debugging written code and writing unique code to solve technology problems.

SKILLS
 
PYTHON, JAVA, C#
JAVASCRIPT, CSS, HTML 5, XML
NODE.JS, REACT.JS, EXPRESS
REDUX, FLASK, SQL, POSTGRESSQL	

EXPERIENCE
 
mjokiPro - Freelance - Montgomery, AL
Full-stack Developer                                                                January 2023 - Current
Implementing software development lifecycle phases to freelance user-centric online solutions to increase client's revenue and marketing visibility.
Designing, developing, and debugging scalable web applications for use in different industries and client environments, as well as implementing accessibility and compatibility for multiple browsers and platforms.
Coordinating software delivery model, identifying problems resulting from user acceptance testing, and implementing updated version control processes using multiple programming languages.
 
M&C Assemblies Inc - Montgomery, AL
Product Assembler                                                                   March 2021 - Current
Increased annual profit for the Inside Lawn and Garden department by 3% in 2021 at Lowe's in Montgomery, AL and by 6% in 2022 at Lowe's in Montgomery, AL and Troy, AL as the result of prompt product replenishment and quality assurance.
Participated in training and seminars for further development and career enrichment.
Established professional relationships with assemblers, team and customers to boost rapport.
 
Lowe's - Montgomery, AL
Lawn and Garden Sales Associate                                          
March 2019 - December 2020
Increased annual department sales by 2% in 2019 and 2020 due to decrease in department shrinkage and maintaining product.
Completed inventory cycle counts and audits to maintain accurate records.
Coordinated special promotions, updating signs, creating displays and stocking merchandise.

EDUCATION
 
Trenholm State Technical College Montgomery, AL
2009 – 2011
Associate’s in Applied Computer Science
Studied Business Software Design and Analysis.
Graduated Magna cum laude.

Auburn Web-Dev Boot Camp Montgomery, AL
July 2023 - April 2024
Certificate	

